Hello everyone, Svetlana, I recently
here
bought the seeds of the chefs
bag
today I will plant them today on June 4
there is nothing written about her
I land as usual
seeds so look what i have here
by their here here are 5 seeds
here i poured landless peat mix
plus perlite
slightly moistened the gate on spread
these seeds
I dig them a little bit because they
should be sprinkled
these are large seeds and they will be powdered
top and
Moisturize I sign 4 for 6 sheflera
closed the greenhouse bright place and so
way
I am waiting for shoots time has passed since the fourth
numbers today 1 0 7 almost a month
the cheflers got the seeds out of 5
only 2 with 1 today i have this seed
top cap as we see the second she
another seed up from this today
carefully removed but rather with that in yet
I do not touch because it is necessary that she
a little bit older
three more I do not watch them a little
sprinkling water and leave them
greenhouses until the next result so
I want to say and top about myself nak chef
that they sprout somewhere around a month
all until we meet again and on
per channel